> Maybe something along the lines of ...

That sounds fine to me, so long as it all happens after everything has been
confirmed.    I also see a bit more where the confusion is coming from.
Something else we could do (either instead of, or in addition to, these things)
would be to change the text to indicate that we're expecting a directory for
the data root and a file for the config location.


> Also, I havenâ€™t checked yet, but did you decide what to do about showhide and
> other custom tags?

I haven't decided yet, but that conversation should probably happen in another
issue/PR.  I still have your patch from the old bug tracker.  Do you want to
make a new issue/PR for that?  If not, I can.
